Zeus:
Tab length: 4 spaces. MUST be spaces.
Imports must be organized.
Spelling must be correct.
EVERYTHING of public access (public method, public class, public constructor) must have javadoc.
There must be 1 space between methods, and NO spaces at:

The end of methods
The end of classes
Ect
And in the future, NO SUPPRESSWARNINGS. Aside from "boxing". I have put some but no more should exist.
Code should be simple enough to understand that there are no comments needed in it. There should be next to 0 comments, anywhere.
No unneeded elses. Example:
if(testfor) {
stuff happens here
return something;
}
else {
return somethingElse;
}

The else is not needed.

2 other things added there:
1 space between if and curly bracket. And no boolean ==. Just put the BOOLEAN or !boolean. There should be no boolean == true or boolean == false. It should be just if(boolean) or if (!boolean).

No capitals in packages.
Names like doSomething, not DoSomething or dosomething. Classes would be SomethingElse, not somethingElse or somethingelse.
Variables are grouped by access restrictions and type in most cases. Like:

public static int blah;
public static int blah2;

public static String blah6;
public static String blah7;

public int blah3;
public int blah4;

public String blah8;

private int blah5;

That format isnt perfect and could use changes.

Oh, and yet again, this really gets on my nerves:

public class Class {

public String blah;

public void doSomething(){

}
                      <---- AAAUUUUUGGGGHHHH!!!!!!
}

No blank catches. Either actually HANDLE it, or do e.printStackTrace();
Use ternary operators if it makes sense to. Dont have if chains if you dont need to.
Do method chaining where it makes sense.
All javadoc needs all params, returns, and throws.
No author tags in javadoc.
Keep code as simple as possible. We are a team. Do NOT write code that wouldnt be easy for others to edit. Also, do not sacrifice code style for optimizations unless they are REALLY needed! I see all the time where people will make code extremely complicated to save a half second of loading time, and then it being impossible to edit and tons of bugs appearing in it (but nobody can find what's wrong)

I'll put more later once I think of it.

